{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont2\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 1.Introduction\par
\par
             Cab Booking services is major transport service provided by the various transport operators in     a particular city.Mostly people use cab service for their daily transportion needs. The company must be a registered and fulfill all the requirements and security standards set by the transport departments.\par
    \par
 1.1.PURPOSE\par
  \par
               The purpose of this document is to build an online system to  manage     passengers and cabs to ease the cab management.\par
  \par
1.2. INTENDED AUDIENCE AND READING SUGGESTIONS\par
\par
                This project is a prototype for the cab management system. It is very useful  cab management for drivers and as well to the passengers also. It provides  easy cab booking and cancellation.\par
         \par
 1.3.PROJECT SCOPE\par
\par
                The purpose of the online cab management system is to ease cab management and to create a convenient and easy-to-use application for passengers, trying to book cabs. The system is based on its reservation functions. We hope to provide a comfortable user experience along with the best pricing available.\par
\par
2.OVERALL DESCRIPTION\par
 \par
2.1.User Needs\par
              \par
                 Users(Passengers) of the system should be able to retrieve cab information between two given points with the given date/time of travel. The system will support two types of user privileges, Customer and Driver. Customers will have access to customer functions, and the driver will have access to driver functions. The customer should be able to do the following functions.\par
\tab\f1\bullet  Make new booking\par
\tab\bullet  Cancel an existing booking\par
\tab\bullet  View and edit profile\par
\tab\bullet  Rate and review drivers\par
        \par
                  Users(Drivers)can select their area of working like a city or a whole district (Should use their current location to determine the city or district), they can also get long distance routesDriver can change the status like they are available or not availableThe booking amount that customers pay should be credited to their bank account after taking a 10% commission.Alert the driver in SMS and email if there is a booking\par
\par
                    Users(Amin)Can block/unblock the customers and driversThey can view the driver's details and verify it.They can view the rating and reviews of driversThey should set the price per kilometer based on the type of car (the available types should be shown as drop-down list and price should not be more than the current market price)\par
\par
3.Sytem Features and Requirements\par
  \par
 3.1.Functional Requirements                 \par
    \par
1 .login page\par
                         \par
On this page, there should be both a login option and a sign-in  option. Sign-in can be done through a google account  or Fb account. User should be able to register providing\par
\par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0  Email : [should be unqiue,required ,email id must contain the @ and . character There    must be at least one character before and after the @.There must  at least two       characters after . (dot)                                       \par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Phone Number: [Should be Unique,must have a  maximum of 10 numbers along with  country code.] \par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 password: [should be required,must have a minlength of 6 charatcers and  include special Characters, Uppercase & Lower Case & Number],\par
\tab\par
\tab After clicking on the login button it validates for the username and password ,if it is wrong altert with invalid message.There will following buttons for forgot the password,sign up for the new user and to navigate to the admin login page:\par
\tab\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 forgot password\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 sign up\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Admin login page\par
\par
   2. Registration Page\par
\par
               In this page user must able to register inorder to access the services by providing information in the text fileds such as:\par
\par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 First Name : [which is  required,should have min length 1 and maxlength of 20 characters ]\par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Last Name: [which is optional ,cannot contain numbers , it too have a maxlength of 20 characters]\par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Gender     : [ which is a optional provided in dropdown menu with values such as male,female,other ]\par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 phone number :.[Should be Unique,must have a  maximum of 10 numbers along with  country code.] \par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Email : [should be unqiue,required ,email id must contain the @ and . character There    must be at least one character before and after the @.There must  at least two       characters after . (dot)  ]  \par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 password: [should be required,must have a minlength of 6 charatcers and  include special Characters, Uppercase & Lower Case & Number]                                   \par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Pincode    :[ should be in numbe format ,with 6 digits ]\par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Place       : [It is required ,contains a max length of 25 ,characters]\par
\par
After clicking Register button it validates for whether it is existing user or not .If so ask to change it.\par
\par
3.Login user's should be able to perform the following task\par
\par
3.1.Edit User\par
\par
              In this page  there should be an edit button for each associated Users.\par
Editable fields are  Place , Pincode ,Phone Number ,Gender .On clicking Edit button makes the corresponding changes and save the data. \par
                                                                                                                                                    3.2.Search Cab\par
\par
Through this page the user must able to search for the required the cab based on the current location .There will be search bar where user type the location it should accept only the alphanumberic values as the search value.On clicking on the search buton it dispalys a window showing icon such as:\par
\tab\par
\tab\par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  Vehicle Type\par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  Charge\par
\tab\tab\par
 3.3.Book Cab\par
\par
In this page user must be able to book cab for he/she as well as registered members.\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 user should be able to book for a cab by clicking book cab button on the navigation bar.\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0  user should be ble to filter cab by nearby and availbaility\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 booking details should contain\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Date and time [cannot be a previous date it shoulb be specified in the format dd:mm:yy:hh:mm:ss]\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Session [morning, afternoon, evening] [if peak hour additional charge will be there]\par
\tab\par
After Succesfull booking redirect to payment page .\par
\par
 3.4.Payment\par
\par
 The page should contain current booking details with additional detail\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Booking Fee [ Adjusted for peakhour ]\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Tax\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Payment Options [upi,card]\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Confirm Booking ('succesfull payment should redirect user to bookings Home`)\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Home should display current booking at top of bookings table along with the cancel & Edit Booking option.\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Cancel and edit option must be disabled for completed booking.\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 Booking Status Should be maintained [completed][not completed] \par
\tab\tab\par
3.5.cancellation\par
\par
 Through this page user must able to cancel the booking.Once you click on the cancel button it cancel ride but a charge will genenertad as the processing fee\par
.\par
3.6.Review\par
\par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 able to provide rating for driver as well as overall services\par
\tab\f2\u10625?\f0  admin should be able to see feedbacks along with User name\par
\par
3.1.1.Driver\par
 \par
 3.1.2.Registration Page\par
\par
In this page user must able to register inorder to access the services by providing information in the text fileds such as:\par
\par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  First Name : [which is  required,should have min length 1 and maxlength of 20 characters ]\par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  Last Name: [which is optional ,cannot contain numbers , it too have a maxlength of 20 characters]\par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  Age:[required]\par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  Gender     : [ which is a optional provided in dropdown menu with values such as male,female,other ]\par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  phone number :.[Should be Unique,must have a  maximum of 10 numbers along with  country code.] \par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  Email : [should be unqiue,required ,email id must contain the @ and . character There    must be at least one character before and after the @.There must  at least two       characters after . (dot)  ]\par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  password: [should be required,must have a minlength of 6 charatcers  and  include special Characters, Uppercase & Lower Case & Number]             \par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  Adhar card Number:[required],[Enter your 12-digit unique Aadhaar number in the space provided.Once you've entered your Aadhaar number, enter the security code.\par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  Lisence Number:[required],It should be 16 characters long (including space or hyphen (-)).The first two characters should be upper-case alphabets that represent the state code.The next two characters should be digits that represent the RTO code.The next four characters should be digits that represent the license issued in a year.The next seven characters should be any digits from 0-9.]\par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  Type of vechicle:[required][should enter the letter ]\par
\tab\tab\f3\u9675?\f0  Document:Upload the vechicles document .\par
\tab\par
\tab After clicking Register button it validates for whether it is existing user or not .If so ask to change it.\par
\tab\par
\tab 3.1.3.Ride Details Page\par
\tab\par
\tab Through this page the driver enable to see ride details such as the destination the user needs to go,the pickup point of the user,time of the journey ,as well as the amount the user payed to him.It may include the colunm such as:\par
\tab         \par
\tab\tab\tab\'a7  Destination\par
\tab\tab\tab\'a7   Pick up point\par
\tab\tab\tab\'a7   Time\par
\tab\tab\tab\'a7   payment\par
\tab\tab\par
\tab 3.2.Admin\par
\tab\par
\tab 3.2.1.Login Page\par
\tab     \par
\tab                       This requirement is primarily for the system admin module. Users will be asked to enter their valid username and password to be authenticated into the admin dashboard.\par
\tab\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 The user clicks on the admin login option.\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 The system displays the admin login page.\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 The user supplies username and password and clicks on the \ldblquote login\rdblquote  button.\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 The system authenticates the user\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 The system displays the admin dashboard upon successful authentication\par
\tab\tab\par
  \par
      3.2.2 Search Facility\par
\par
                        This feature shall allow a user to search for a facility using different search      parameters. The user can search facilities by driver,User.\par
\par
                            \par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 The user clicks on the Facility List menu item.\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 The system loads all details of usrs or drivers using a blind search.\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 The user selects the Driver/User or types in the facility name and then clicks on the search button.\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 The system displays a list of usrs or drivers s based on the search criteria.\par
\tab\tab\f2\u10625?\f0 The user clicks on the \ldblquote Download CSV\rdblquote  (\ldblquote CSV\rdblquote  refers to comma-separated values) button to download the searched result.\par
\tab\tab\par
\tab\tab\par
\tab 3.2.3 .Log Out\par
\tab\par
\tab This feature is to enable users who have logged in to the system to log out of it.\par
\tab\tab\par
     \par
                          \par
\tab\tab      \par
\tab    \par
\tab             \par
\tab\par
\tab                                                                                                                                                         \par
\par
\lang9\par
}
 